Docs various fixes (#514)
fusedio/fused-docs: docs/quickstart.mdx

    ```
    :::

>     By default [`fused.run()`](/python-sdk/top-level-functions/#run) executes your UDFs, allowing you to write code locally and immediately execute it on our server without deploying anything!

Author: ```suggestion
    By default [`fused.run()`](/python-sdk/top-level-functions/#run) executes your UDFs, allowing you to write code locally and execute it on our server without manually having to deploy anything!
```
